Platform will have user accounts with certain permissions
Permissions might evolve over time? i.e. users who have established themselves as helpful can post more times,
  while users who make trouble can post fewer times, or could even face a ban
  We should probably keep track of how many requests a person has made and satisfied
Users can post:
NEED - I need something
	Sublabels:
	MATERIAL GOOD - I need toilet paper or whatever. Suggests a sensible match from the database?
	SERVICE - I need something done and I can't do it myself - maybe have defined categories for this?
HAVE - I have something to give (same categories)
Maybe these posts could be made through a flowchart-like structure? (I need... > Select category > Select item)
It might not be necessary or helpful to have a database for that sort of thing since people's needs are varied,
  but it might be a good idea to populate suggestions from the pool of "I have" posts, to match needs to haves?
Should posts be anonymous, or at least remain anonymous until accepted? How important is it for users to know who they're helping?
  Maybe have an option for users - "Don't show my posts to this person again"
To avoid abuse of the platform, maybe users can only post a limited number of times per week?
  craigslist is often full of garbage so this precaution might be necessary, not to mention potential for excessive requests
Backend could potentially match HAVES to NEEDS with some type of pattern matching
Possibly limited to geographical area?
  User can maybe specify geo areas? (near home, near work, etc)
  Geo data is hidden from users - used only for matching (sending a notification that says "Somebody near you needs {Thing you have}!")
  Rather than having geo data verification, maybe we can use a user report system: i.e., if somebody makes a request in area A,
    but then tells the user who answers them they're actually in area B, the second user can report the first user?
Posts could have an option for "standing offers" - i.e. "I will sew you a face mask" can be accepted by multiple users, but
  "I baked an extra loaf of bread" can only be accepted once. Maybe a configurable numerical limit?
  Actually that might be a good idea in general - posts can have an associated number (I have X items to give, I can offer
    remote tutoring for X hours, I need X face masks) - poster will be prompted to change count after an encounter?
Some requests may require a monetary exchange, i.e. "I can go to the grocery store for you" - should there be a report
  system for this, in case of fraud? Obviously the actual money matter can go to the financial institution, but how can
    we verify whether or not a user has committed fraud? (for the purpose of issuing a ban)
Built-in safety features: I know a lot of people have anxiety about meeting people from craigslist, and although this
  app is designed around altruism, it might help people to feel better about it if there were built-in safety
  Could look like this:
    1. Ask user for emergency contact
    2. In the app, have users select their meetup time on a calendar
    3. An hour or so after the scheduled meetup time, send users a notification 
        "How did the meetup go? 
          Fine(Complete request/Prompt to change request count)/Bad(Block user)/Didn't happen(Leave request posted)
    4. If the user doesn't respond to that message (could be sent more than once), a message could be sent to 
        their emergency contact saying that they didn't respond
